# User Documentation


1. Overview and Purpose of the Project:

Project Overview:
    I developed a weather forecasting web application.
    The application utilizes 2 APIs, namely OpenWeatherMap and Weatherbit, to retrieve real-time weather information.
    Users are provided with an option within the app to choose their preferred weather data provider.

Project Purpose:
    This project aims to provide users with the flexibility to choose between multiple weather data providers and easily access real-time weather information.
    The design prioritizes user-friendliness and intuitiveness for seamless interaction.


2. Installation Procedure:

    Step1: Move into the project directory.
            cd semester_project

    Step2: Build the Project with Maven.
            mvn clean install

    Step3: Run the Application.
            java -jar target\test-jar-with-dependencies.jar


3. Usage Guide:

    Step1: Enter desired city name and country code.
            e.g. city name: prague  country code: cz

    Step2: Select Weather API, OpenWeatherMap or WeatherBit

    Step3: Press the Search button displays weather information.
           As a result, these values are displayed.
            e.g.    City Name: prague
                    Weather Description: broken clouds
                    Tempreture: 8.07 ℃
                    Humidity: 85.0 %
                    Wind Speed: 4.63 m/s

    Step4: If you get an error message, modify your input accordingly.
            e.g.
            "Invalid city name. Please enter valid city and country code."
            -> The city name you entered is incorrect. Please re-enter the correct city name.

            "Invalid country code. Please enter valid city and country code."
            -> The country code you entered is incorrect. Please re-enter the correct country code.

            "An error occurred during the API request."
            -> An error has occurred in the API request. Please double-check that the combination of city name and country code is correct.